Add checklist generation script (#80)
wordpress-mobile/release-toolkit-gutenberg-mobile: templates/release_checklist_update_incoming.md

### Incoming Changes

{{incoming_change_note}}

> - [ ] Verify `gutenberg` submodule is current and the `gutenberg` release branch has been updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify `gutenberg` submodule points to the correct hash and that the `gutenberg` release branch has been updated.
```

> - [ ] Cherry pick any changes in the `gutenberg\/trunk` branch back to the `gutenberg-mobile` release branch and update the bundles (i.e. `rpm run bundle`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Cherry-pick the changes that landed in the `gutenberg` `trunk` branch back to the `gutenberg-mobile` release branch and update the bundles (i.e. `npm run bundle`).
```

> - [ ] Update the "Extra PRs that Landed After the Release Was Cut" section fo the gutenberg-mobile release PR description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update the "Extra PRs that Landed After the Release Was Cut" section of the gutenberg-mobile release PR description.
```

> <!-- optional_incoming_changes -->

Reviewer: Not sure if this tag is being used in the script, wdyt?
